["This chapter seems to suffer from excessive repetition of the terms "spirit" and "spiritual."

The sentence that resonated with me was: "I want Anky to grow up with a deep appreciation for the spiritual, to understand that there's more to life than what we see on the surface."

This statement encapsulates the essence of the chapter.

However, I found myself wanting more details in certain sections, particularly regarding the specifics of the "new rituals" they introduced.

Furthermore, the chapter's tone struck me as overly sentimental, with an abundance of terms like "joy," "connectedness," "embrace," "dance of creation," "tears of joy," "rush of emotions," "blessed," and so on.

This saturation of romanticized language felt somewhat artificial and detracted from my engagement with the narrative.","holy shit i can't believe that Anky was born on this chapter. this was not supposed to happen yet, because this first resonance wave (8 day period on the ankyverse) is about the pre-natal stage.

this speaks about the importance of being more clear with the "spinal chord" that will guide the major actions that happen through the book, and to be clear about them in the instructions so that the AI can know what is what comes in that particular moment of the story.

i get the feeling that the story goes too fast. from one chapter to the next one we jump to fast, and there is a lack of "diving deep into what is happening in that period of the book". it feels that it goes fast but it doesn't go deep into what is happening, and that ends up having the effect that it is not as interesting as it could be.

there is too much emphasis on the spiritual side of things (which in this chapter was extreme), and that ends up being boring. there needs to be more conflict, tension, and all the elements that give birth to a good story.

this is a fun exploration so far, but not a fun story. and it needs to be a fun story. as fun as possible. there needs to be a thread that ties everything together in a way that makes it appealing for people to read, not just for us that have incentives for that.","As i read i have the feeling that the story is way too over-spiritualized to the point it becomes a bit boring.
In every (or almost every) paragraph you can actually find the word spiritual, spirituality or spirit. Its like a new age testament.
Would be cool to keep the root of the concept/idea but not make it evident or literal all the time.
Its cool that the characters are beings with very dedicated spiritual practices ... but life its not only that. I would like Anky to talk about the full spectrum of the human experience.
In the end, anything can be a spiritual practice as we are rooted in spirit. But if its ALL about crystalline celestial divine spiritual shamanic connection, then it disconnects the reader from it.]