Who I am is a person that is constantly in a state of extreme emotion on side of the spectrum or the other. I only desire to be the best version of myself as often as I can. With that being said, having recently experienced an out of body experience. I can confidently say... nothing: I can tell you that at one point in time I was lacking corporeal form and had no idea what I was doing. I was flying through space, without corporeal form, all of a sudden I had some mass and I had some volume and I was in space but I wasn't able to fully identify my properties. They were escaping my perception. But also not, I compare it to a moment of ultimate clarity. The idea of the body and mind being one is I believe ultimately true. I think that the consciousness is the manifestation of the atoms that were present at the site of your life and could have just as much of an impact on the entirety of  your human experience as your actual blood parents could. Because this is innate, its literally deeper than your blood, its your DNA its your atoms. These are the things that make us all up. cosmic entities brought to consciousness by a complex series of neurons and electrons. Whether we are alone in the universe is completely irrelevant in my opinion. I would rather spend my time considering how I could possibly create something that would bring joy to people. Posit something wild that everybody doubts, and then execute. I am the ultimate in wasting time trying to accumulate their assets to accomplish things that people have done easier ways faster. I choose the harder way, I make a new tine for the 3rd fork in the road. I choose to open the box and look inside instead of risking the cat. I love the cat, its the people I could do without moost times. I am angry. I am love. I am rage. I am hate. I am joy

***

Una pregunta que me toma por sorpresa. Como cuando en una reunión me preguntan ¿y vos a qué te dedicas?
Por donde empiezo. Por el final, por la certeza, soy una muerte que se acerca y un baile en el mientras tanto. 
El espacio entre las respiraciones, los raros momentos en que uno entiende todo. La corriente del agua en el río, soy. 
Los temores de perderme en la masa. Las canciones que no me animo a cantar. Los juegos que le enseño a mi sobrino.
Un poco soy tierno, y algo temeroso, porque temo. Algo nostálgico y triste me pone ya no tener abuelos. Así que soy eso también.
La fuerza cuando ya no hay nada por hacer, eso soy. Lo débil cuando me abruma lo que esperan de mí. Yo no espero tanto ya.
Me desprendo, quiero creer que camino cerca del nirvana, sin llegar, sin tocarlo del todo, pero en su presencia, al menos en consciencia de su existencia. He tomado hace tiempo la decisión de que el otro me importa y eso soy. Esta enredadera de palabras, soy. Lo fugaz, soy. El movimiento, la mirada en lo que vive. La reflexión sobre lo que reposa, lo que se descompone. El cariño por los que no están más.
Los resentimientos por no haber dicho, hecho lo suficiente en su momento. La imaginación para sanarme de esos arrepentimientos en un futuro. La poesía como mejor aliada. El pincel y la acuarela para expresar la emoción. La comunión con los demás desde lo digital y la distancia como defensa de lo personal. El amor, como reivindicación de la vida y que la mera existencia nos transforma en héroes. Y la utopía de que caminamos como especie a algo mejor que la extinción, pero si aún así me encuentro en al encrucijada y me preguntas quién soy, digo mi nombre, bastante plano seco y repe.


***

qué pregunta. acostumbrada a las preguntas largas que suelen haber, que tengo que traducir, que me tengo que dar un momento para pensar...esta me agarra por sorpresa, tan directa y poco discreta. Así, grande y sin pudor encabezando la hoja en blanco. Qué pregunta. LA pregunta diría... no soy mi nombre aunque es lo primero que surge cuando alguien te pregunta por quien sos....no soy lo que hago, aunque es el escudo en el que nos ocultamos, no soy lo que tengo..entonces, quien soy? soy la suma de todo esto? O soy solo algunas partes? soy mis experiencias? soy la suma de mis experiencias de todas mis vidas? Soy mis pensmaientos, mis emociones, mi cuerpo? O soy por oposición? Soy la posibilidad de no ser. Cuando digo no ser es no estar, sin embargo, creo que cuando no esté aun una parte mia, la no corporea va a estar en alguna parte...en el cosmos, en el akasha, mi alma...Cuando no esté, qué diran los demás de mi, eso es quien soy? no creo...pero a la vez puede que si. Soy un cuerpo, o tengo un cuerpo?. Estoy viviendo la experiencia humana. Muchas veces me he preguntado quien soy. Creo que cada vez tengo menos respuestas y más interrogantes. Dudo de quienes estan tan seguros de quienes son. Dudo de mi cuando se. podria hacer una larga lista de cosas que disfruto, de cosas que no, de dolores, angustias satisfacciones, podria decir a que me dedecio y como vivo...acaso eso me define? Acaso puedo 

***

My name is Claude Eugene Davis, but my family and friends call me Gene. I'm an American male, and an extreme moderate. That means I am willing to go to extreme lengths to maintain a dialogue with anyone willing to engage. That is my external persona. My internal persona, the lens through which I view the world, has been something that has developed in order to help me cope with the stresses and pressures of the world, and the difficulties I have personally encountered with understanding the nature of my reality and the meaning of my instantiation within it. I have been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and schizoaffective disorder, whilst being the beneficiary of a number of undiagnosed compulsions or pathologies, I am sure. My internal perspective has ranged from the messianic to the basest of demons and all manner of character in between. Maybe one day I'll settle on one, then I will let you know who I am.

***

tengo tiempo infinito? no hay presión? la presión no me lleva a ningún lado? no aparece? la presión no aparece? no está presente? no está acá?

la presión no está? quién soy. me pregunto quién soy. quien es el que escribe. me pregunto quien es el que escribe. qué es lo que hay. me pregunto qué es lo que hay.

quién soy? qué es lo que traigo? para dónde voy? cómo me relaciono con lo que está pasando? cómo me relaciono con lo que hay acá? cómo me relaciono con lo que traigo? con lo que se manifiesta? con lo que se explora? con lo que se esconde detrás del saber? con lo que se esconde en la exploración de ese saber? qué es lo que hay en la parte de atrás de ese saber? qué es lo que corresponde? cómo corresponde?

para dónde voy? para dónde se siente? cómo es que se siente? cómo es que se expresa?

todo lo que soy se mueve. se explora. se manifiesta. se invita. lo invito. lo manifiesto. lo exploro. lo muevo.

de acá para allá, nos vamos encontrando. de acá para allá, vamos resonando. de acá para allá, se encuentra la realidad.

se encuentra, se hace partícipe, se invita. se manifiesta.

lo que somos se manifiesta. lo que somos se explora. lo que somos se abre.

todo se abre. todo está. todo está presente. todo está en este momento y en este lugar.

y ese es el movimiento que se produce. esa es la exploración. la invitación. el reconocimiento. el reconocimiento de este momento. de este lugar.

de lo que pasa a través de mi presencia. que viene a mi presencia. que se explora con mi presencia. que está aquí. y que viene con una exploración de todo lo que hay.

será que soy lo que hay? será que soy lo que se expresa? será que soy lo que se manifiesta? será que soy lo que está presente? vivo? expreso? será que soy lo que está expreso? será que soy lo que está acá? será que soy lo que está presente? será que soy lo que está observando? será que lo que hay acá es simplemente un reconocimiento de todo lo que podría ser, pero que aún no soy? será que soy ese reconocimiento? será que tengo ese reconocimiento acá? será que tengo ese reconocimiento dándome fuerza? viviéndolo con fuerza? explorándolo con fuerza? será que este momento me da vida a través de mis palabras? será que estas palabras son lo que da vida? será que este momento da vida a través mío?

será que soy el dador de vida? será que soy el reconocimiento de todo lo que hay? será que soy el reconocimiento de lo que está moviéndose? será que todo lo que se mueve termina transformándose en un entendimiento más profundo de lo que hay en la parte de atrás de esta exploración? será que ésta es esa parte de atrás?

quién soy? el que escribe estas palabras. el que las observa a través de mis ojos.

el que las reconoce como parte de si.

y las comparte. gr

***

Mi nombre en este plano físico es Francisca. Hija de Drina y Germán, mis padres. En un plano etérico, energético soy un alma que eligió venir a esta Tierra a aprender alguna cosa que con  dificultad recuerdo. Por otro lado podría ser un avatar en una simulación. También podría ser un personaje en el sueño de alguien. Las posibilidades son infinitas. Pero en cualquier aspecto soy energía, una mas vibrante de átomos que forman parte de un mundo lleno de recovecos. Energía que se manifiesta en materia, energía que se manifiesta en pensamiento, energía que se manifiesta en acciones, en amor, en Ser. En esta experiencia de vida soy soy una persona que ama la naturaleza, reír, la música, los animales. Amo los desafíos creativos, aprender trucos que me hagan las tareas más fácil. Amo los días de lluvia, los días de sol, la brisa en la cara. Amo la buena comida, amo caminar descalza, amo el tacto de la roca o la corteza de un árbol. Amo el ronroneo de los gatos, la mirada dulce de los perros. Quién soy? Una pregunta simple y compleja a la vez. Yo soy. Soy amor, luz, oscuridad, templanza, agitación, sabiduría, necedad, rabia y alegría, todo en uno, uno en todo. Quién soy? Más bien....qué hago aquí? Creo que estoy aquí para vivir la experiencia y aprender lo más que pueda a cualquier nive

***

Soy Marisol, hija de Isolina y Ernesto. Fui fruto de mucho amor. Mi mamá estando embarazada de mi se bañó en el mar báltico, creo que eso me transmitió el amor por el mar, por las olas, por su fuerza, misterio.
Soy solitaria, enamorada, media autista, fanática de la música, sobretodo del metal, de gotico y la opera. Me gustan los anillos y colgantes de plata. 
Amo caminar y observar la naturaleza conectada a la música que me gusta.
Me cuesta describirme. Soy tantas cosas y no sé como expresarlo.

Quiero vivir la vida. Quiero viajar, amar.  
Siempre supe que no quería hijos humanos. 
Quiero ser libre para escribir mi final. 
Soy alguien a quienes algunos recordarán con amor, con cariño. 
Soy hija, soy mamá de perritos, novia de Fran, ex de Cata, nacida en Potsdam, hija de exiliado. Salchimamá de Wapa, 

***

who am i? where does that question take me towards? how can i start answering? is there a clear way to answer it? is there an avenue for answering? is there a vehicle for answering? an exploration that can happen? an invitation that is alive? is there an answer on the background of what is happening? is there an invitation that is brought to life through what comes as a consequence of these being a vehicle for me to answer that question? can i answer that question? how can i answer it? where can i answer it?

i can stop.

i can breathe. but do i want to breathe? can i be stressed? what can i be stressed for? where can i be stressed with? how can i rely on the identification that this process bring to me? what is that identification? hwere does it come from? how is it felt? where is the invitation felt, and what does it bring? where is it experienced, and how is it felt?

where is it manifested, and how is it brought?

i'm running in circles, as always.

i'm inviting what wants to come to this moment, as always.

i'm open. i'm alive. i'm bringing to life everything that is real and happening on the background of my experience.

i'm bringing it all to life. i'm observing it all. i'm manifesting it with the problems and explorations that arise. and i'm inviting it all in. i'm exploring it all. i'm running in circles with this exploration. i'm running in circles with the manifestation of it. and where do those circles come from? how are they felt? is there something that is happening here? is there an aliveness that is brought?

is there an invitation that is brought? is there a vehicle? is there a quest? is there an answer?

is there an answer to what comes as a consequence of me running in circles using this exploration as an excuse? is there a vehicle for me to come up with the manifestation of what is explored through this invitation? is it important? is what comes important? or i'm just running away from something that can't be explained? explored? am i running away? this is who i am.

the one that is determined to explore the question: am i running away? what am i running away from? what is the aliveness that takes me away from what i'm running? what is the invitation that is brought as a consequence of what is here? what is the manifestation that is brought as a consequence of what is here?

what is the manifestation of it? where am i running from? where am i running towards? how am i running away from it? where am i running with it? how am i running with it?

i keep running. i keep exploring. i keep bringing into life. i keep being inspired. i keep being alive. the aliveness is here. the aliveness is an exploration of the beauty that is manifested through the consequence of what is here. the aliveness is here. the aliveness is real. the aliveness is what comes as a consequence of me exploring who i am.

perhaps i am that aliveness. perhaps i am that manifestation. perhaps i am that exploration. perhaps it is me who is on the background of this inquiry. of this prompt. of this exploration.

who am i? where am i? where am i going towards? how am i moving towards that?

i run in circles. i explore. i invite it in.

i manifest it.

i explore it, day in and day out.i bring it into life. there is no need to acknowledge what is happening. there is no need for acknowledging what is alive.

there is only beauty. there is only an exploration. there is only a manifestation.

there is only wonder. there is only awe. there is only running in circles.

there is only an exploration. there is only what comes as a consequence of exploring.

there is only this, and there is only that. and we are just here.

we are just here, and that is all what matters.

that is who i am, si

***

oh, we're going there! and now the timer has been erased. I wonder if that's a response to user feedback. At the moment, anyway, I feel like a distractable, frustrated, saddened and ineffectual turd-like creature. I am overwhelmed by everything and moving through the world in a cloud of "oh no." and "oh well." I am hurting, wounded, emotionally strained and particularly fraudulent. I guess it's impostor syndrome. How do I celebrate sucking as much as I do. I guess I am actually depressed. Much of this diatribe so far describes my state, and not who I actually am.

There's this thing called the "where I'm from" poem. A lot of beginning poets try it out and by describing the circumstances, we describe ourselves in a way that's clearer than bragadocio or self-deprecation. I am my conditions, then, now, and even when I'm turning into soil, that's who I am. My conditions are the unbelievably complex and evolving byproducts of everything that has happened in the world. Long chains of amino-acids, oceans, the complex chemical reactions of self-replication that makes life ... life. This process of growth and decay. I am okay, I think. I am all right. I am childless, I am parentless. I am whole. I am fragmented. I am clearly contradictory. I am hopeful and I am forlorn. I am a wanderer and I am stuck. I am paradox, and I am simplicity. 

I am dreams and pain and love and absence of touch. I am absence of touch. I am absence of zeal, passion, raw energy. I am de-focused. I am ugly. Ugly inside. I am okay. I am okay inside. I am embracing the light. I am holding on to all of it with tenderness and care. I am opening the door. I am seeing myself. I am what I do. I am sitting here taking 8 minutes to write from my suffering. I am suffering. I am grateful. I am heavy. I am movement. I am heart. I am horny. I am tired. I am not high, but wish I was. I am lonely lonely lonely and I want to walk with a friend through the woods and play stupid games. I want to feel urgency in my gut but not fear. I am anxious. I am alone. I am also held by  

***

Who am I?  The age old question.  A sack of flesh, or a being of higher purpose.  Or is it somewhere in the middle?

I am a human being, with a soul, journeying through a window of time on a planet called Earth.   I may or may not have a predestination, but that does not matter: I do not know where this journey may go or end-- and that is the thrill.

I am a person who seeks challenges, has difficulty with focus, I love food that echos from my mouth to stomach, "amen."

I am a little different than I was yesterday, being a little more informed from my experiences, yet bound to repeat some mistakes. But the envelope needs to be pushed.  

I am not a child anymore.

I must find purpose in the work I do, or I frown and want to sleep.

I suppose... I am human.  

***

aloja 

***

I am the child that was born broken, stitched up and fixed. Told he was good as new but please be careful, you're not quite as good as new but maybe you are special. That is me. Not really as good as everyone else -even from day one - but maybe somehow better and somehow able to prove myself despite the difference. It's hard to split the difference and as the man said - never split the difference if you can avoid it because that's a way for both sides to lose. I am the creator. I am the savior. I am the demon. I am the monster. I am the person who wears an oxford suit and carries a pocketwatch. I am the person who spins until he drops and the tie-die all blends together. I am the man. I am the father. I am the son. I am an invisible ghost, not so holy. I'm an alcoholic in my rage and raging through a waterfall of emotions. I am a loser born to win. I am the reincarnation of the worst person ever born and I will certainly not make those mistakes again. I am the reincarnation of the most revered person ever born and I certainly will not make those mistakes again. I am a nobody. I am everyone. Every body body just one body. I am the mystic. I am the seer. I am the one who sees all you try to hide and hides all you try to see. I am, that I am. I am popeye, pope yes, and Barney Rubble. I am Booboo, never Yogi. I am the ranger, i am the warrior, I am the one who falls down and gets back up. I am the Samurai with his bushido code, I am the knight seeking the grail, I am the mountain man looking for my mountains, I am the seafarer floating in a buffalo boat. I am that I am. Not because but that. That. Not this. I am not my body. i am a verb. I am something moving between spaces and if my head were in a vat, my body would not be me, neither my head. I am the lover who cannot see himself in the mirror, I am the vampire who refuses to quench his thirst. I am the one you tell your secrets to and I am the one who sees them even when you refuse. I am the killer. I am the detective. I am the hero. I am the villain. I am the sewer and the country club. I am the homeless man you pas

***

I am a 74 year old woman who is the mother of 3 sons. I was considered an older mom as I was 33 when I started having kids and 38 by the last one. I had graduated from college when I married the first time with a degree in French/Education but I never actually taught in public school. My then husband was in the Navy and we moved to Virginia for the last 6 months of his service. Once he got out,  we moved to San Diego, CA where his parents owned a house making him eligible for resident tuition.  He enrolled in the local community college which had a Radio and Television Department  which he was accepted in. He did well there and got a job at a radio station in Palm Springs, CA then at a local television station.  I was not able to teach 
