<My family has always been very consistent is our decisions. While I was in the womb my mom had been working at a company for almost 5 years at that point, eventually she retired with that same company after more than 40 years. My dad seemed to be more of the dreamer, as far as aspirations go. At the time he was flying small general aviation planes, delivering paychecks. I don't know why it never went further than that regarding a career. During that time he was also transition from working for a construction painter to operating his own painting business. After getting that established, he continued that for almost 40 years before he passed. So I don't know if their aspirations were always to have stability, or if that was just the easiest way to ensure my brother and I had everything we needed. When I was born my parents lived in a trailer home, shortly after I was 3 they purchased a house, so I assume they were wanting peruse the American dream. They picked the town we ended up growing up in based on its location between their two jobs. One thing seems evident that they had always maintined a strong work ethitic throughout. >

<My father was a survivor in the Vietnam war. Our family is part of the very last dynasty, and my Great grandfather was the last empire in all of Vietnam. During my time in the womb, my father was concerned with the after math of the vietnam war, and freeing his country... whatever that means. My mother owner a store, and was deeply in love with my father. I think he cared for her too, at least for a while. She was driven and focussed on creating a successful buisiness, while simultaneously infatuated with my father. He wasn't a bad man, but he's also not a good man. My father never wanted me ,he told me so. I think I felt that very early on. I've mostly felt quite alone in life, and my circumstances as a child of what it meant to be in the world were very much dominated by the constant feeling of loneliness. Of course there were times that were beautiful too- but I perceived the world from a very isolated perspective. Me and me alone in the world. Yes, my Mom was there, and I had babsitters, and eventually friends and boyfriends, but the feeling not being seen has been something my parents influenced since the beginning!\>

<how was my early view shaped by how my parents saw the world? what did that bring into my life? how was my life shaped by them? how was my life shaped by how they saw the world? how did they see the world? what did the world bring to them? how was the experience of being in the world for them? what did that bring? how was that feeling? how was that felt? i don't know where to even start approaching this nonsense. is it nonsense? i'm thinking about the story, about the story of luna, and where does that story take us. what does the story mean, or bring. what is the invitation that the story leaves us. where does that elevate us. where does it move us. how is it felt where is it felt. i don't know where is it invited to. where is it invited from. how is it invited. towards what? towards where? what is left between them and us? what is left between us and them? memories of pink floyd. i wish i could say that there is a relationship between my parents and music, a relationship that made me feel that they left me something in terms of that. but i don't know. i don't know if that relationship is in place. i don't know.
   
and as soon as these words are written i realize that the fact that i always critizise my parents takes me away from them. i always see myself critic about them. and not embracing what they brought. i see myself not embracing what they brough, and critizisin wwhat they actually brough. seeing what they didn't bring. focusing on what they didn't bring. i see myself focusing on what they didn't bring.

why is it always easier to focus on what they didn't bring, instead of what they brought? what would it take for me to focus on what they didn't bring, instead of what they brought? as soon as i say that i realize that i focus on that. more than anything, i focus on what they didn't bring. on the views that they didn't have. on the hopes that they didn't have. on what they didn't care about. and you are asking me what they cared about. what is the relationship that this has with that? why is it so much easier to focus on what is not here instead of what is? why is it always that i tend to focus on what is not here instead of what is?

why do i need to run away from what is? 

even in the relationship with my parents, those who game me life. why do i need to focus on who they are not instead of who they are? why is there so few admiration in me present in relationship to them? why is it so much easier to focus on what is missing instead of what is here? i run from what is here. i run away from it.

i'm not here. i'm not alive. i'm escaping from what is here. i'm escaping from what is alive.

i'm escaping from what is real. from what comes. i'm escaping from the beauty. do i actually believe that i chose them? did i choose them? is it that i chose them? is it that i'm here because of them and it is time to honor that? why should i focus on soemthing different?>

<i don't know. and this is not what i feel like thinking about. not that there is anything wrong or important about it. i really wish they were asked and i wish i was asked about my experience. visualisations of the possible is ok, my assumptions about other people are not the most interesting part of my space. its just there, like the weather, like the noise of cars, so what? what i do know is my experience, how i move through the rain, how i dance when nobody's watching except the big tech, how i pick strawberries. i just walk or i run, i  inhale air, I jump up, I sing, I pretend I throught sing. but not properly. anyway. there is more to the way we assume things about people. what am i is more interesting. there was a dog in the nail salon. i saw it ponder i did not know what. the old Altai is probably covered in snow this late in spring. i miss seeing its streets and smelling its air. what else can i add? maybe that my early perceptinos were influenced by my parents but every single impression after i left home piled up on it and the only thing that can freshen up the pallet is silence. silence may be key to sweating in a sauna not being able to afford it. parents are still around and they may know more about what they felt. what do i feel now? i feel satisfaction from the cake today in a coffee shop but a dissatisfaction from the state of the world. i walk in this direction, but the direction changes because of the axis of earth moving. i hope bees and cicadas stay for as long as they can. i hope they keep being in charge. the droning sound can stay here for free for as long as it can. >

<My mother was 42 years old when I was born which was unusual 74 years ago. We were called "change of life" babies and were mostly a surprise especially as I was the third child. They were struggling to get buy then as they did not have a car and they lived in a somewhat remote place. I grew up appreciating the fact that we had enough food to eat and clothes to wear, were always well cared for.     This carried on to my own children. They had more than I had growing up but were not spoiled so now, as adults, they recognize the value of money.  
My parents were also immigrants from Canada so that was added pressure to assimilate, another factor that I recognized growing up. My father was totally bi-lingual but my mother refused to  speak English (they were French Canadian) so I became the de facto intrepreter for >

<no sé si tuvieron muchas esperanzas o vistas con respecto al future. siempre los he visto como personas bastante superficiales, que les impota mucho lo que la gente piensa de ellos, y lo que ellos piensan de la gente. siempre pensando en qué es lo que la gente hace, y haciendo cosas en relación a qué es lo que van a esas cosas tener como consecuencia en los ojos de la gente que los rodea. eso es lo que siempre los veo haciendo, y me imagino que en ese tiempo era parecido.

mi mamá, la niña popular de puerto varas, y que todos la perseguían. mi papá, el banquero exitoso de los mil amigos, siempre preocupado de todos, siempre saludando a todos, llamando a todos por su cumpleaños, etc. 

eso es lo que siempre me pareció que ellos traían, y con lo que se encontraban. nunca los he visto con muchas esperanzas del futuro. bueno, lo que dicen es lo típico... que nuestros hijos sean felices, y que se desarrollen plenamente. pero eso es algo que muchas veces viene desde la perspectiva del ego. de una estructura egoica que busca fortalecerse a partir de la percepción que el mundo y el resto tiene de ella, y en el caso de mis papás yo creo que esto está bien prepponderante.

no sé si ellos tenían una capacidad muy grande de tener una perspectiva del mundo que fuera consolidada, fuerte. siento que muchas veces está gobernada por cómo el mundo los moldeó, y sin mucho poder de decisión en cuánto a cómo ellos lo van construyendo eso.

no sé, eso es lo que se me viene como idea. como excusa. como forma de relacionarme con este proceso de mi mamá. no me los imagino sentados juntos discutiendo acerca de los sueños que tenían en conjunto. esos sueños siempre han sido bastante superficiales, y eso es lo que trae a mi la perspectiva de esta pregunta. no sé qué les importaba la verdad.

a mi papá: trabajar, poder proveer a la familia, y escalar en la escala de poder de un lugar bien jerárquico como un banco. mi papá siempre, toda su vida, trabajó en bancos, y esta es una de las estructuras más jerárquicas y estructuradas. mi papá siempre fue muy estructurado, y siempre su foco estaba ahí. entregándole a la familia lo que podía, lo que le quedaba. también yendo al estadio. compartiendo en el estadio, y viendo a su equipo de fútbol (la católica) allá.

en el caso de mi mamá, no sé qué le preocupaba. estaba recién llegada a santiago, y no tenía mucho que la anclara a la vida. o mucha emoción. no se.

me imagino que esto influye mi vida porque en mi no hay algo específico que me haga sentir "eso es lo que amo". "eso es lo más importante".

hay una falta de claridad. >

<My early years were surely effected by a rural Mennonite upbringing. The first home that I knew had a large pasture and hill. I don't remember any winters, only the summers there. Most of my early memories are a blur, things that I can only seem to pull out when something demands that of  me, but if I just try to think about when I was very young, nothing seems to come out. I remember being in the living room after a fight with my brother, my mother putting butter on my black eye. I remember having a bull that lived in the pasture. I remember climbing a tree next to the garage. My father has always been a somewhat pessimistic person, always saying how things are getting worse, because often they are, and how that relates to what the Bible says. My mother is... in kind terms, simple. She isn't stupid, but I feel that she intentionally ignores the world because she isn't interested in anything past what she is living, and this likely comes from her Amish upbringing.>

<I guess they were looking for stability, it was a young country that got separated from Russia after soviet union fell, I think there was a push for freedom, imaginations about that - which occupies most of my thinking today. So the things they cared about were all the basics you'd look at when you're establishing your own country and nation: set it up in a way to let people do their thing, invest into sports etc. to be presented and do well in global olympic games etc. Even though I can't go more into these details for obvious reasons, I think those influenced me and my life greatly, I've got a sister and a brother and both of them barely left the country and are chained in those borders while I'm living for over 5 years soon, abroad and can't come back there, because I value my freedom really, really high and wouldn't change it for anything. This given me opportunity to meet my family abroad and spend some great time together. That may have also influenced my way thinking, asking to get to the bottom of things and make sure everything makes sense or move away from it. My parents quit all alcohol also and cigarrettes while I was in, which may helped it even further. If I were born in a different time, it may have not worked out as it did. And it sets me up on a more mindful journey going forward. These may have had a direct influence on my early and later perceptions on the world but as for understanding you have to take your time to get through every point and discover new points to make sense of, to make a semithe image of the world>

<Uff, good question. I really have not much idea. But i can imagine a little bit. Si me puedo imaginar un poco ... no tengo mucha idea acerca de que les importaba en ese tiempo... Bueno ahora que empiezo a escribir me llega informacion. Mi mama estaba trabajando con ropa, modelaje ... y de hecho cuando yo era muy muy pequeño participe en modelaje, para revistar ... pero en fin... mis padres siempre querian tener hijos. y mi madre tubo varias perdidas. Entonces uno de los anhelos mas grandes de ambos era de hecho tenerme. Era un tema muy dificil de concretar y que se concreto finalmente con mi nacimiento. El cual fue bastante dificil. Pero estoy seguro de que dieron lo mejor que pudieron en este tiempo de el entendimiento que ellos tenian en ese tiempo de que era lo mejor para mi y ellos en ese tiempo. 
Mi padre full trabajando. Largas jornadas. Su mision era siempre proveer la energia economica en la familia para que mi madre pudiera enfocarse en el embarazo y la maternidad. Y asi fue. Siempre recuerdo que a mi papa lo veia poco. Al final de los dias y los fines de semana claro ... pero en la semana poco. Trabajaba mucho. Un poco demasiado. Y bueno ahi estaba su interes mas grande ... Poder proveer. Y que todos estubieran tranquilos. Que mi madre pudiera estar lo mas tranquila posible en este proceso. Un proceso muy poderoso y tambien lleno de temor por esas pasadas perdidas. 
Me imagino que si uno quiere ser padre/madre y no puede, debe ser muy frustrante y luego con cada embarazo nace un gran temor por ese trauma pasado. Entonces en el embarazo de mi, eso estaba presente con seguridad. Pero lo logramos todos ... Y aqui estoy... escribiendo. Gracias a ese proceso ... que fue con miedo pero tambien mucho, mucho amor. Estoy muy agradecido por mas que hallan muchas cosas que me cueste aceptar de mis padres, de que ellos siempre han hecho lo mejor que han podido. siempre. Eso me da tranquilidad y tambien los libera dentro mio de lo ue a veces es como un "como hicieron esto asi o asa" a veces hay cosas que cuesta aceptar. Pero cuando uno entiende de que todos estamos haciendo lo mejor que podemos con las herramientas y entendimiento que tenemos de la vida ... Todo se tranquiliza un poco mas adentro. Porque esa es la verdad y la realidad. Estamos todos intentando lo mejor ... Dando lo mejor de nosotros. Y vamos que  >

<Mientras estuve en el vientre de mi madre, no tengo muy claro cuales eran sus esperanzas. La verdad es que nunca he conversado con ella ni con mi papa sobre esto. A evces pienso y siento que nos faltan muchas conversaciones y hablar las cosas como son, respondiendo preguntas incomodas y enfrentanonos a temas que estan muy escondidos.
Es lamentable que en muchas familias existan secretos y cosas escondidas, finalmente siento y creo que mantener estas cosas ocultas no permiten acceder o acercarse a la sanacion y a desligarse de antiguos patrones inconcientes que tenemos y que cargamos al ser parte de la humanidad y provenir de otro humano.
Creo y siento que en relacion a mi madre, ella era muy joven cuando se caso y cuando se quedo embarazada de mi, creo que no tenia muy claro que hacer ni hacia donde ir, creo que ella se caso para salir de su casa y de las garras de mi abuelo.
Creo que siempre quiso ser mama y siempre le gustaron mucho los niños, creo que la esperanza era la de formar una familia numerosa y experimentar la vida desde ahi.  siento que ese placer y gusto por la maternidad es algo que yo tambien llevo, ademas de haber sido la hermana mayor de 6, siempre me toco llevar un rol de madre, cuidadora y sostenedora incluso en momentos en los que no me correspondia hacerlo. con respecto a mis primeras perpcepciones y entendimiento,no se como responder la verdad, ya que, no tengo recuerdos pero si tengo algunas imagenes que marcaron mi infancia sobre mi madre llorando en el baño encerrada conmigo y mi padre tocando la puerta afuera.
Creo que ellos no se llevaban bien y mi madre era muy pqueña, habia vivido siempre bajo una doctrina extricta y violenta por parte de mi abuelo.
ademas de haber nacido en una epoca en la que los medicos, pediatras y " especialistas" tenian mas sabiduria que la propia madre, mi madre siguio consejos y recomendaciones de ellos, consejos y recomendaciones que hoy estan absolutamente obsoletos y que de hecho se consideran violentos y no recomendados para el desarrollo del vinculo de una madre con su bebe recien nacido.
Antes la recomendacion era alimentar cada cierta cantidad de horas, not ener al bebe en brazos porque se ponia acostumbrar, no dormir con el bebe y un sin fin de cosas que hoy en dia yo las considero terribles. y jamas haria con mi pequeña mila,>

<A mi papá le ofrecieron un proyecto riesgoso, que rechazó. La razón fui yo. Porque claramente no quería poner en riesgo mi futuro. Apostar por algo irracional, podía alejarlo por mucho tiempo y quizas para siempre de mi y de mi mamá. Ellos quería brindarme un mundo seguro, tranquilo, familiar, verde, acogedor. Mis padres salieron de su respectivo país por dstintas motivaciones, obligaciones y oprtunidades. Origen distinto para encontrarse al otro lado del oceano. A ambos los convidaron a un almuerzo y allí cupido hacía el resto. Conversación, cocina, politica, musica y demases hicieron efecto. Una cita para un café... un paseo junto al río y asistir a la ópera. Este nuevo mundo les daba libertad y eso querían para nosotros como familia. A mi esto me influyó muchisimo. Nacer en otro país, en un país europeo te cambia. Entendía otro idioma, otras costumbres... Chile para mi en imagenes era un edificio en llamas. 
La visión del mudno de mis padres llevó a que no    me perforaran las orejas ni que me bautizaran. Libertad de elegir! Y de elegir cuando tuviera el criterio formado.       >

<During my time in the womb, my parents were very different people from who they are at this moment. As of right now they are very compassionate and have weathered the "storm that is life" with pride and have endured to be honest, in some ways many things that I may not have been able to endure. Thankful, would be how I describe my perception of their shortcomings, because without them, they would not be the people that they are. The bottom line is, my parents were, in my opinion, very not ready to be with other people. My Dad during my moms pregnancy was there for her "to the best of his ability" which in all reality, even by todays "generally speaking" cis-hetero sexual relationship, he would still be considered a gentleman. As he was a genuine role model of what a man should be. In retrospect, I had preconceived notions that impacted my ability to without any bias, understand what was happening and of course that's the case I was in the womb. But the point is, people should try to learn to love themselves, before they start trying to learn how to love other people; and you can't love somebody that you don't know enough about. My parents loved the idea of each other enough to make me and of that I am sure.
The impact that this has/had on my early perceptions and understanding, is that my parents had other things to do. My feelings were not their top priority, and I rarely had time to see them as they were either working or apart and I cannot recall much of their appearance from when I was a child. Most of the memories I have put me into the shoes of myself as a young man and not a small child. However I can attest that most to>

<A mi papá le ofrecieron un proyecto riesgoso, que rechazó. La razón fui yo. Porque claramente no quería poner en riesgo mi futuro. Apostar por algo irracional, podía alejarlo por mucho tiempo y quizas para siempre de mi y de mi mamá. Ellos quería brindarme un mundo seguro, tranquilo, familiar, verde, acogedor. Mis padres salieron de su respectivo país por dstintas motivaciones, obligaciones y oprtunidades. Origen distinto para encontrarse al otro lado del oceano. A ambos los convidaron a un almuerzo y allí cupido hacía el resto. Conversación, cocina, politica, musica y demases hicieron efecto. Una cita para un café... un paseo junto al río y asistir a la ópera. Este nuevo mundo les daba libertad y eso querían para nosotros como familia. A mi esto me influyó muchisimo. Nacer en otro país, en un país europeo te cambia. Entendía otro idioma, otras costumbres... Chile para mi en imagenes era un edificio en llamas. 
La visión del mudno de mis padres llevó a que no    me perforaran las orejas ni que me bautizaran. Libertad de elegir! Y de elegir cuando tuviera el criterio formado.       >

<Creo que a mis padres sobre todo les importaba que la familia estuviera bien, osea nosotras, me refiero a mi hermana y a mi. Creo que en sus vidas se presentaba incertidumbre por el futuro y una nueva aventura que comenzaba. Salían destinados, por trabajo de mi papá, a un país lejano para estar ahí 5 años. Creo que eso puede haber influido en mi concepto de familia, de cuidar al rebaño, de procurar que perdure la armonía. Era importante mantenerse unidos, cuidar ese núcleo familiar en ese futuro para nada lejano que les llegaba. Cambiarse a un país lejano, Suecia, con otro idioma, sin conocer a nadie, lejos de la familia, la zona de confort, debe ser complejo. Nada fácil, muchas preguntas y frentes abiertos. Nos adaptaremos? las niñas estarán bien? Cómo será nuestra casa, nuestro entorno? Creo que todos los viajes que vinieron después de ese, todos los futuros destinos que fueron trazando la trayectoria laboral de mi papá, marcaron ese camino de abrir mente, abrir corazón, ser súper adaptable. Conocer nuevas personas, diferentes culturas siempre abre la mente a mi parecer, aprendes a ser tolerante a que no todos somos iguales, y que todo va a estar bien. Empiezas a confiar en ti, en que al final estarás bien, estés donde estés. Creo que eso marcó mucha la vida de nuestra familia y era importante para mis papás mantener ese núcleo fuerte y contenernos lo mejor que pudieran y que nuestros adlescente gruñones les permitieran una vez que llegó esa época. El núcleo familiar, fuerte, unido, esa era la idea, aunque no siempre resultara así. Pero creo que eso es natural y normal en el crecimiento de cualquier ser, busca su independencia, su personalidad, cae en influencia, no sabe bien>

<Creo que existía una atmosfera de esperanza, dado que justo en ese año se vivia de vuelta el regreso de la democracia en Chile.
Estoy segura que mis padres discrepaban en muchos asuntos politicos y visiones sobre el futuro. Ambos eran bastante opuestos. Observandolos es que entendí la idea del ‘’complemento’’ por que no se parecían en tantas cosas, y sus valores en algunos casos estaban puestos en lugares diferentes. 
Esa perspectiva de las diferencias y el ‘ dejar ser’ al otro creo que son las primeras percepciones que pude absorver. En mi familia se respetaban las diferencias.,
No puedo recordar exactamente qué les importaba, pero creo que la comunidad suele aputnar a pensar en el futuro, la prosperidad, las ganas de que las cosas salgan bien….. quizas la esperanza?
La esperanza de que el mundo que nos esperaba ( a sus hijos ) sea un lugar mejor que el que ellos conocen…. Mi padres artistas, siempre entendiendo la sensibilidad como un eje fundamental para una mejor sociedad… 
Por que la sensibilidad? Por que representa las multiples posibilidades, de que la vida te toque. Volvernos sensibles significa que lo que nos rodea, modifique nuestra experiencia, nos involucra en la realidad, y vuelve la realidad parte de nosotros. Muchas veces no somos concientes de ello, y sufrimos. Pero es un gran regalo, lo he aprendido con el tiempo.
Estoy segura que esto influye totalmente en mi percepción actual del mundo, ya que al analizarlo a traves de este ejercicio, me doy cuenta que ha sido un fundamento que ha evolucionado a lo largo de toda mi vida, por que mis padres lo trajeron con ellos durante las suyas. Es una especie de ciencia, una herencia de algo que se va desarrollando y descrubriendo a traves de la experiencia individual, pero colectiva al mismo tiempo. Nos sentamos sobre una idea, que tocó a un otro también, y recolectamos de la vida de este otro ser humano, abono para la nuestra, cocreando juntos, sin muchas veces darnos cuenta, que somos una sola experiencia humana, heredada de la misma naturaleza y el cosmos. 
            .   >

